Connecting the Form to the App (#84)
vaadin-learning-center/learning-content: tutorials/getting-started-with-flow/05__connecting-the-form-to-the-app/content.adoc

:title: Part 5 - Connecting the Form to the Application
:author: Vaadin
:description: Learn how to communicate between components in a Vaadin Flow application
:tags: Flow, Java
:imagesdir: ./images
:linkattrs:

This part of the tutorial shows you how to connect the `CustomerForm` component (implemented in the previous step) to the application. 

> == Showing and Hiding the Form Data

Reviewer: @ruthstocks "Form Data" sounds wrong here as well. Can you fix it, please?

Reviewer 2: We are hiding the whole form, so that fields and buttons are not visible when the for is not active. So I think the original sounds better.

Author: Reverting now. Apologies for the delay

> The `setCustomer(Customer)` method in the `CustomerForm` class hides the form data if the specified customer is `null`, and shows it if the customer is not `null`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `setCustomer(Customer)` method in the `CustomerForm` class hides the form data if the specified customer is `null`, and shows it if the customer is defined. 
```
I think this would be easier for users to read if we are not talking about nulls and not nulls.

> . When the `MainView` is built, form data should not be shown when no customer is selected in the `Grid`. Hide the form data by setting a `null` customer in the constructor of the `MainView` class as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Initially when no customer is selected in the Grid, the form should be hidden. Hide the form by setting a `null` customer in the constructor of the `MainView` class as follows:
```

I hope this is bit clearer. @alejandro-du any ideas how we could avoid this part in the tutorial code altogether? Hide it by default in the form classs🤔
